Feature/SKU selector item wrapp (#876)
vtex-apps/store-components: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added a wrapp to `skuSelectorItem` button with a new CSS handles `skuSelectorItemWrapper` in SKU Selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a wrapper around the `skuSelectorItem` button with a new CSS handles `skuSelectorItemWrapper` in SKU Selector.
```
